README.md, before:

# SpeedPulser Pro
Based on the original SpeedPulser - the Pro adds on addtional CAN and RPM functionality.  For users wishing to have speed and RPM on one board - the SpeedPulser Pro does this.

It has multiple input types - like Hall, GPS or CAN, it is designed to take these inputs and translate into a PWM signal which drives an OEM speedometer.  It’s perfect for situations where a physical speedometer cable cannot be installed or those wishing for a cleaner installation.  It is budget-friendly and therefore requires some final user setup and calibration.

If provided with a CAN interface, it can capture engine RPM and output this as a traditional coil based ignition output.

## Basic Wiring
Only three wires are required to operate the SpeedPulser:

Inputs:
> 12v ignition 

> Ground

> 12v square wave pulse from gearbox hall sensor 

Additional Inputs:
> CAN (High & Low) - for RPM/Speed if available

> RPM trigger (12v square wave)

> GPS

Outputs:
> PWM to drive the motor

> Coil type RPM signal

Software Benefits:
> Fully calibrated motor: Duty Percentage vs. Resulting Speed
> Needle Sweep available
> WiFi Enabled

## WiFi Support
WiFi now enabled for easier on-the-fly setup.  Needle sweep & calibration can be done without needing to mess with complicated firmware.
Connect to 'SpeedPulser Pro' on WiFi and use IP Address 192.168.1.1 in your browser to adjust settings!

## Coupler Installation
As the couplers are 3D printed, each coupler, motor housing and speedometer and the alignment of the sun and moon will all be unique and therefore final torque applied to the cluster will be different.  There is a potential for slight variances in final achieved speed.  Therefore, it is the end users requirement to install the coupler and ensure appropriate alignment.  Once installed, the 'highest' speed should be achieved and the potentiometer adjusted to calibrate.  

Press the small button on the right-hand side (closest to the edge of the PCB) to drive the motor at full speed and calibrate to the maximum speed on the speedometer to suit.  This may need a few iterations are parts wear into each other.  

The coupler will be a tight fit on the motor as will the brass driving shaft.  A few light taps will encourge them on.  Remember that this is budget friendly and while a metal alternative would be neat, it's not within budget.

### Trimming the Drive Shaft
Drive shafts are supplied in excess of required length and should be trimmed to suit each individual cluster.  Typically this is ~level with the motor housing but confirmation that it is not bottomed out is key!

## Calibration
If final speedometer reading is incorrect across the range due to tyre size or gearbox variations, the source code can be editted to suit new readings.
The main array for 'Speed' vs. 'PWM' is within '_defs.h' under 'motorPerformance'.  8-bit resolution is duty between 0-100%, but for some fine granularity, 10 bit resolution is the default 'shipped' with.  Therefore there are ~400 entries of PWM, with each having it's own speed.
> uint8_t motorPerformance[] = {0, 0, 0, 0...};

## Understanding the Excel
There is a plot of motor speed vs. PWM in an Excel.  Should it be required, the module can be put into 'testing mode' and each PWM variance worked through in 5 second intervals.  It takes around 10 minutes to carry out a full sweep of the available speeds, but will give good accuracy.  

## Disclaimer
It should be noted that this will drive a speedometer, but it should always be assumed that it is inaccurate and therefore no responsibilty on speed related incidents are at fault of Forbes Automotive.

Commit message:

Add purchase section to README
Added purchase information for SpeedPulser Pro.

README.md, after:

# SpeedPulser Pro
Based on the original SpeedPulser - the Pro adds on addtional CAN and RPM functionality.  For users wishing to have speed and RPM on one board - the SpeedPulser Pro does this.

It has multiple input types - like Hall, GPS or CAN, it is designed to take these inputs and translate into a PWM signal which drives an OEM speedometer.  It’s perfect for situations where a physical speedometer cable cannot be installed or those wishing for a cleaner installation.  It is budget-friendly and therefore requires some final user setup and calibration.

If provided with a CAN interface, it can capture engine RPM and output this as a traditional coil based ignition output.

### Purchase
If you want to purchase an assembled SpeedPulser Pro, you can do so here: [SpeedPulser Pro - Forbes Automotive](https://forbes-automotive.com/products/speedpulser-pro)

## Basic Wiring
Only three wires are required to operate the SpeedPulser:

Inputs:
> 12v ignition 

> Ground

> 12v square wave pulse from gearbox hall sensor 

Additional Inputs:
> CAN (High & Low) - for RPM/Speed if available

> RPM trigger (12v square wave)

> GPS

Outputs:
> PWM to drive the motor

> Coil type RPM signal

Software Benefits:
> Fully calibrated motor: Duty Percentage vs. Resulting Speed
> Needle Sweep available
> WiFi Enabled

## WiFi Support
WiFi now enabled for easier on-the-fly setup.  Needle sweep & calibration can be done without needing to mess with complicated firmware.
Connect to 'SpeedPulser Pro' on WiFi and use IP Address 192.168.1.1 in your browser to adjust settings!

## Coupler Installation
As the couplers are 3D printed, each coupler, motor housing and speedometer and the alignment of the sun and moon will all be unique and therefore final torque applied to the cluster will be different.  There is a potential for slight variances in final achieved speed.  Therefore, it is the end users requirement to install the coupler and ensure appropriate alignment.  Once installed, the 'highest' speed should be achieved and the potentiometer adjusted to calibrate.  

Press the small button on the right-hand side (closest to the edge of the PCB) to drive the motor at full speed and calibrate to the maximum speed on the speedometer to suit.  This may need a few iterations are parts wear into each other.  

The coupler will be a tight fit on the motor as will the brass driving shaft.  A few light taps will encourge them on.  Remember that this is budget friendly and while a metal alternative would be neat, it's not within budget.

### Trimming the Drive Shaft
Drive shafts are supplied in excess of required length and should be trimmed to suit each individual cluster.  Typically this is ~level with the motor housing but confirmation that it is not bottomed out is key!

## Calibration
If final speedometer reading is incorrect across the range due to tyre size or gearbox variations, the source code can be editted to suit new readings.
The main array for 'Speed' vs. 'PWM' is within '_defs.h' under 'motorPerformance'.  8-bit resolution is duty between 0-100%, but for some fine granularity, 10 bit resolution is the default 'shipped' with.  Therefore there are ~400 entries of PWM, with each having it's own speed.
> uint8_t motorPerformance[] = {0, 0, 0, 0...};

## Understanding the Excel
There is a plot of motor speed vs. PWM in an Excel.  Should it be required, the module can be put into 'testing mode' and each PWM variance worked through in 5 second intervals.  It takes around 10 minutes to carry out a full sweep of the available speeds, but will give good accuracy.  

## Disclaimer
It should be noted that this will drive a speedometer, but it should always be assumed that it is inaccurate and therefore no responsibilty on speed related incidents are at fault of Forbes Automotive.
